In the discussion of previous constructions on p3, I think you should mention
which of them are restricted to sets and which are not.  In particular, the
2LTT construction produces semi-simplicial *types* (in the "inner" level,
although they are "sets" relative to the outer equality which satisfies UIP),
whereas the others (like yours) probably only produce semi-simplicial *sets*.

At the bottom of p6, I don't think it's right to say there is a shift relative
to semi-simplicial sets.  The shift is relative to *semi-cubical* sets and more
general nu-sets, where an augmented n-simplex corresponds to an (n+1)-cube, but
it is still an n-simplex whether augmented or not.

On that note, thanks for incorporating my request about the numbering of
simplices.  But I think you missed one change that it necessitates: in
Definition 2, the objects should be the integers >= -1 rather than the natural
numbers, and the ocurrences of numbers should be shifted.  (Alternatively, if
you want the names of the objects of Delta_+ to use the "cubical" indexing,
then in Definition 4 the n-simplex should be the representable on the object
(n+1).)

On p12, "nu" is displaymath'd when it shouldn't be.

On p13, end of second paragraph, "described in A" should be "described in
Appendix A".

In the References, in the ABCFHL paper "Syntax and models of cartesian cubical
type theory", the author "(Favonia), K. H." is not really formatted well.  I
presume the bibliography program is interpreting something like "Kuan-Bang Hou
(Favonia)" as if "Kuan-Bang Hou" were the first name and "(Favonia)" the last
name, but obviously that's not right.

In the reference (Hofmann 1995), "Phd" should be "Ph.D. thesis".

The reference (Herbelin 2020) does not include any information about where to
find it, which makes it not very useful.

In the reference (Kapulkin-Lumsdaine 2023), in the title "Voevodsky" should be
capitalized.
